one day the Lord and the devil were
playing cards to see who win the soul of
an Argentinean singer when suddenly two
aces were turned up snap they both said
a had their minds at the Lord the devil
was angry the Lord began taunting him
I'm the Lord nananana nanana Ned let's
call the hungry referee said the devil
okay said the Lord ref they shouted the
referee arrived in a blur of green hair
hello said they're hungry referee has
anyone gotten the acorns I'm starving No
hahahaha I ate them all earlier said the
devil he's lying said the Lord there's a
big bowl right behind your head ah sure
the rich said home delivery and went
home one day the devil was playing with
a spatula when he was interrupted by the
hounds of Hell where the hounds are we
we're the hounds they said come on what
else you got said the devil you want to
play you want to play fetch with
Beelzebub fetch this Rover sketch at the
house I'm better than you I'm better
than all you move aside because the
devil's comin through he said I think
I'll go and eat something I shouldn't
meanwhile the hungry referee was taking
an invisible child for a stroll in a
primitive prom way said the child shut
it said the hungry referee I'll get your
drink way said the child still given
outside the ref their drink that I put
on your favorite tune with my finger
printed shoe
there you go now said the hungry referee
and started rockin to himself rock rock
rock rock unaware that behind him the
devil was picking bits of invisible
child from his teeth becus said holy
referee that one day the Holy referee am
the Lord were playing choose out let's
go said the Lord and started shaking his
walking shakey shakey shakey shake two
can play at that game said the older F
shakey shakey shakey shakey shakey
shakey shakey shake said the Lord shakey
shakey shakey shake set the referee me
suddenly the cork from the Lord's Butler
pop hopped and flew past the referees
head the hungry ref released the cork
from his bottle of cling film and hit
the Lord right in the top air said the
Lord ha ha ha said only rev Li ha said
the devil as he pushed a big book onto
little Miley's cake there's gonna be
trouble now said the freed Prince of
Darkness book said the cake oh dear said
the hungry referee and what's going on
here said little bitty nothing said the
hungry referee but he knew in his heart
he was lying day the Holy referee the
devil and the Lord went on a picnic
seeing as how you're the Lord why don't
you say grace said the Rev ok said the
Lord and dive to top of the gerund hurts
that's my trick thought the death dear
me I thank me for everything I do burped
the Lord the devil was dumbfounded and
jam and pastry and beer and hey said the
hungry referee lordy Lord what's this
weirdness I work in mysterious ways at
the Lord but what about me and the devil
what are we going to eat relax the head
he said I left you to bits over there
just scrape off the saliva and you'll be
ground
curse at the devil kerger her relax Reza
relax at the referee I know if the Lord
is being nasty why don't you be nice
okay said the devil saying hoza Hamas
saying Xhosa Hannah are you taking the
piss said the Lord one day the Lord
decided to practice his upside down head
in a bottle dancing I could dance the
night away he said dance dance dance
dance bloody show off he thinks he's so
clever said hungry referee and retired
to his chambers to think about stuff the
devil watched him leave and then
foolishly said hello to no one in
particular one day the Lord and the
devil were playing beth's your go read
our said the Holy referee ok so the
devil bet you can't do this hey easy
you're nuts said angry referee and off
he went
one day the hungry referee was looking
over a cliff when he was approached by
the Lord what's going on civil it's the
hounds of Hell said they're only ref
they're up to mischief to be sure ah
said the Lord what's going on what's
going on what's going on to the hungry
referee I think I'm going crazy look a
sandwich it could be the lost chariot of
the Cypriots to be sure oh dear said the
Lord look again Sedona referee a button
well nice one said the Lord and ran to
safety day the hungry referee was
reading a chartered book when he was
interrupted by the Lord just back from
swimming lesson ah what's going on here
then hungry referees at the Lord will
you just look at the ears on that
balloons at the ref they're huge never
mind that set the Lord look at my big
copy here's your big medieval bitch she
know something about cheese at the ref
you're as mad
as a biscuit tin I'm mad as a biscuit in
said the Lord wait a second holy referee
if I mad as a biscuit tin so that mean
you're going to eat me
the Holy referee tried to explain the
difficulties of digesting methyl but the
Lord being the Lord just wasn't
interested oh well said too hungry
referee I'm starvin so he lay down and
dreamt about tropical fruit one day the
hungry referee was practicing his swing
when he saw the devil looking for a
place to pay whatever as all this
equipment about MMA I made it what's up
you did not make it you're probably
stole you little fucker nodame i didnae
i didnae tell you what's it worth what's
this button about there that's what it
was it's the Tavor did you finish your
prayers did you know I did you finish
our prayer don't you even start surfing
anything I got me come here on the arse